**** stat should be highlighted as well so user remembers what stat they had
highlighted ***

Add remove highlights button or text on classroom tables

Add "bank" to hold students when a user is unsure where to move them

you have an updateStatsView method in classrooms manager that should
be moved over to view builder appropriately.

Need to have form checks that validate unique classroom names, all fields
filled out, etc.

Figure out how to setup an "order" of operations for a user to
make for better user experience, make it very clear and only
give option for creating classrooms FIRST, THEN show import
students button

going to need to throw errors and use some kind of sweet alert
to let user know that the attribute chosen to organize their
students by was not input correctly, etc.  going to need to find
all places where user error from mistyping anything can be saved
and displayed properly to the user.

Remember to add disclaimer or something to mention how to setup
excel file now that you know the format for binary items/ranking items/name/sex

keep checking for break down of functions/methods to make  smaller and more
concise / additional refactors.


Browser Compatibility / OS Compatibility:
---------------------
Chrome -> works fine on both windows and mac
FireFox -> works fine on both windows and mac
Safari -> everything works fine except Minor bug on stats display...
          ..some overlapping of text for some reason. unique to safari so far.

Internet Explorer Bugs:
-----------------------
onkeyup or something not working, classrooms not showing up on form
when I type in number of classrooms




Thoughts for Backend:
-------------------
- User accounts
- User needs to be able to save what they have

 actions to be sent to backend:
 -----------------------------
 Because the objects are set up nicely to resemble the html at every
 point after every swap. I would just add a "save" button. This save button
 will grab the relevant object information, convert to json and send to Rails
 API Backend.

...So a user can sign into their account. Click retrieve saved classrooms.
backend will respond with the appropriate data, which will then be saved
in the frontend objects and displayed to the user.

Probably will use JWT for authentication.
